[memgraph-2-15-1 < T516] Add text search documentation (#516)
memgraph/documentation: pages/custom-query-modules/cpp/cpp-api.md

std::ostream &operator<<(std::ostream &os, const mgp::Type &type)
```

## Database internals API

> This section covers the C++ API methods for interfacing with the database other

Reviewer: This section describes C++ API methods for database operations beyond graph manipulation.

> This section covers the C++ API methods for interfacing with the database other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes C++ API methods for database operations beyond graph manipulation.
```

> than with the graph itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> This section covers the C++ API methods for interfacing with the database other
> than with the graph itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes C++ API methods for database operations beyond graph manipulation.
```

### Text search

#### SearchTextIndex

Search the named text index for the given query and get a list of the nodes

> whose text-indexed properties match the given query.

Reviewer: Query the specified text index and retrieve a list of nodes with properties matching the query in the text index.

| `ImmutableObjectException`    | Object you are trying to change is immutable!   |
| `ValueConversionException`    | Error in value conversion!                      |
| `SerializationException`      | Error in serialization!                         |

> | `TextSearchException`         | various (reports text search utility issues)    |

Reviewer: @antepusic Is this the actual message or do you want to say that in the case of `TextSearchException` various messages can appear?

Author: The latter – various error messages can appear
